Well, good morning, here we are at the MiPremierBitcoin festival in La Pitaya. If you could give us a brief introduction. Of course, yes, my name is Roberto Magaña and I am part of the MiPremierBitcoin team. I am Mexican, I will tell you a little about how I got here, to this island, but... Well, how long have you been working for MiPremierBitcoin? I got to know the organization in February of '22. I got in touch with them, I was able to come to El Salvador to participate in the first graduation, which was in June, at a school called San Marcos. I met the team, I got to know the program, I loved it, I tried to help them from Mexico and the opportunity to come and live in El Salvador came up in September of last year and since then I have been supporting them. That's great! On a more personal note, how did you hear about Bitcoin? How did you get involved in this new world that exists here? Well, for me, my journey started personally, or well, I focused on personal finance. I started with, let's say, the traditional world and then I learned about Bitcoin and for me it helped me connect many of the dots that I hadn't been able to connect until then. About the incentives, why things were happening, pointing out the reason for everything. And well, that was the first journey, the first time I heard about Bitcoin was in 2018. The truth is, I didn't pay attention to it. In 2017 I didn't pay attention to it, it was a company, basically it was a Ponzi scheme. So I didn't pay attention to it at that time and it wasn't until two years later when COVID came and I already understood a little more about the global financial part, that everything made sense to me. Bitcoin helped me connect those dots. Well, that's great. What would be the goals of MiPremierBitcoin? Well, right now what we are focusing on as an organization is quality and making sure that the Bitcoin community has access to our resources. So it's basically scalability, reaching everywhere. Well, thank you very much. And one last question, what is your personal opinion on the development of Bitcoin in El Salvador and what would be the biggest challenges that await you? Well, part of what we teach in the curriculum are the properties of money. I would explain it that way because the reality in El Salvador, being legal tender, is that it is a medium of exchange, it is used as a medium of exchange. I mean, in most or in a large part of the world it is used more as a store of value, I mean currently because there are few places where they can exchange it, but in El Salvador it is already entering as this property of a medium of exchange as well. So it is focused on that. Right now the challenges are really educating people to know the tools, to know the options, to know the risks and to be able to participate basically in that ecosystem without fear of technology. So once we succeed in this, we can already talk about Bitcoin as a unit of measurement, that is another of the properties, but that happens over time, we will see. Well, perfect. And a word for the film DescubreBitcoin. Well, that they follow us, I mean on the social networks where we are, like MiPrimerBitcoin on Facebook, on Instagram, MyFirstBitcoin on Twitter, and MiPrimerBitcoin.io so they can visit the website. There they can download the book, it's free, the course is open source, so that's what we want, for the community to take it, make it their own, translate it, use it, and well, that's it. Perfect, that's great news. Thank you very much and congratulations. Thank you.
