All right, so how's it going? Tell us about who you are.

Hi, my name is Wally. Nice to be here. And I got a podcast, Bitcoin podcast El Salvador. I'm Salvadorian. My goal is to push the Bitcoin content out there, let the Salvadorian people understand Bitcoin, the usage, and the fundamentals only. And that's what I try to do on the ground, the videos, right? That's who I am.

So what's the name of the podcast again?

Bitcoin podcast El Salvador. Bitcoin podcast El Salvador.

How long have you been doing it?

Since January, right? What, six, seven months?

Yeah. So how did you get into Bitcoin?

In 2016, I was living in China and a friend of mine's I just asked him, "Hey, I got some money. Where should I put it?" And he's like, "Man, try Bitcoin." And that's how I got it all started, you know? Yeah, 2016.

And what do you think of the festival? Like, if you can tell us a bit more about where we are.

So we're in La Isla La Piranha, and here we have a Bitcoin festival. The whole point of it is to create a circular economy based on Bitcoin, right? Show the locals here how they can easily use Bitcoin or implement Bitcoin in their daily lives. And that's the whole point of this festival, and we're here to support it all the time.

Why do you think about Bitcoin adoption in general in El Salvador?

It's moving, right? I think we all play an important part in this. It ain't just what's going on, it's what can I do, you know? Because I repeat this a lot of times, right? There hasn't been a place that adopted Bitcoin as a legal tender, so this is being the first. It's still an experiment, let's call it the adoption part. And we all gotta put our part in. Everybody plays a role in this. We do, we didn't understand Bitcoin. We play the role in making this adoption fully capable happening.

Are you hopeful about the future of El Salvador with Bitcoin?

Should I say a thousand percent hopeful? I know it's gonna give it five, ten years, man. Fighting it, maybe even less, you know? But yeah, of course, 100%. But well, a thousand percent. And with Bitcoin, and not even like on the topic of Bitcoin, have you seen the country change in general? Like, how's it been the last few years?

So yeah, for sure, it's changed. One, with security, right? Security-wise, right? The president is cleaning up the house, and everybody feels more secure. The changes that I'm seeing are mainly coming from Salvadorian people that live abroad. Most of them, since they got the, let's say, that assurance that the country is safe, they're investing in their own country now. So a lot of Salvadorians are the ones that are moving this economy right now. Bitcoiners are coming along, so again, I safety-ness is great. So there's a lot of changes, plus tourism goes hand in hand, safety-ness, tourism. I mean, it's a small country, you do the math, you know? So I think it's going great so far.

All right, thank you very much. Perfect.