Hello, good morning. Well, we are at the Mi Primer Bitcoin festival, if you could give us a brief introduction, please. Yes, well, my name is Gerardo, it's a pleasure to be here. I'm Gerardo Morán, I come from Concepción del Taco, from Aguachapal. Basically, we are very far from my home, but we are enjoying it here at Sundance. Basically, I provide information to the Mi Primer Bitcoin team as an organization teacher. Throughout the gold jump, we will hear on social media that we are mainly responsible for educating specifically about Bitcoin. Making people aware of this topic and ultimately, what you intend is to achieve adoption throughout the country. Well, well, thank you. And how long have you been working for them? I have been working for approximately, well, to be exact, since February of this year, since last year, well, I graduated in the second generation of Concepción del Taco. I had the opportunity to receive the Bitcoin Diploma, which is taught by the organization, and now I have the opportunity to teach it. They came to my educational center to teach the Bitcoin Diploma and I learned a lot with the book. With the Bitcoin Diploma, you learn a lot of things that ultimately make you see Bitcoin in a different way. And since that occasion when I received my certification, well, now I have the opportunity to work here. Congratulations for that. And personally, how did you get into the Bitcoin topic? How did it become part of your daily life? Well, in my daily life, the truth is that at first, perhaps, like most Salvadorans, we may be afraid of it. And I have always said that it's not that we are afraid of the currency, but it is something quite new. So, therefore, we will always be scared of new things. Personally, I always try to see what's new. Well, in this case, Bitcoin is something quite new for our country. Personally, it has helped me a lot because, at least, in something as simple as a transaction, it makes it easier for me. At least, I am 18 years old, so it helped me see that credit cards, all that, are not necessary, at least in this case. In banks, they teach us many things, but Bitcoin is a better way, it's freedom. So, in my daily life, it helps me in many ways, perhaps even sending a transaction from one country to another, it's so easy. So, also in a business, for example, in the place where I live, which is Atacos, since it is quite touristy. In a business, it is quite easy to make a payment. Basically, you just have to make the invoice and scan the QR code, and that's it. So, the truth is that Bitcoin now also opens up opportunities for me, such as being with many people that I never imagined I would be with. And now, well, being in other places, getting to know here, in my country, and I hope that at some point, also outside the country. So, that is one of the opportunities that, so far, personally, Bitcoin has given me. That's great! Thank you very much! And one last question. What do you think about the adoption of Bitcoin for your country? Well, I think that in the end, if all people, and I believe we will achieve it, because that is our goal, as Mi Primer Bitcoin, it is our mission. To ensure that people, in the end, educate themselves about Bitcoin and that El Salvador can obtain a better opportunity with financial education. And the thing is, in the end, this is going to be quite important because it will represent a bit of investment for the country. And in the end, many foreigners will also have the opportunity to spend their Bitcoin and all that. So, that opens many doors for the country. So, in the end, I think that adoption will come at some point. And I know it will be great for El Salvador and it will be El Salvador, the country of Bitcoin. Thank you very much, Gerardo. And thank you for answering our little interview.
