Hello, good morning. Here we are at the Bitcoin Festival in Piedralla. Can you give us a brief introduction of yourself? What is your name? Ok. Well, my name is Isis Medanik Rosaparicio, I am 17 years old and I study at the National Institute of Zulután, specializing in Software Development. Well, in my free time, the things I like to do are mostly watching videos on how to manage life, control emotions, and things like that, and let's say I'm always willing to learn more. Well, thank you very much. Which school are you a part of? The National Institute of Zulután. Which section are you in? In Software Development, it's the Programming Specialty and all that. That's good, very good, very good. So, if you can tell us a little bit about your story and the first time you heard about Bitcoin and how it approached you. Ok, it seems to me. Well, initially, since I started with the Bitcoin topic, it was at a camp where I was invited to be part of something called the National Student Council, which is an idea to create participatory leaders, because the principle of a democracy is participation and young people have to do it. And well, they taught us a little about the topic of Bitcoin, they taught us a K1, where I happened to have a few coins and there I started exchanging my coins for Bitcoin and then it started. In fact, it was a bit funny because we couldn't sleep at the moment we were camping, so at 3 in the morning we had the first Bitcoin talk on a mountain in Chalate Tango, it was quite funny and it was something that caught me and made me want to know more about Bitcoin, more about the topic. What a good story, thank you very much. And to talk more about you, what do you think of Bitcoin, what changes has the use of Bitcoin achieved for you? Well, Bitcoin for me is an opportunity for growth and also, to a certain extent, you could say salvation, let's say, because Bitcoin for me has offered me possibilities, it has also offered me education, not only in the subject of cryptocurrencies and knowing their technological functioning, which is quite immersive and interesting, but also in terms of how to control my finances, have my money and know how to manage it and be a little more autonomous from others. Exactly, thank you very much. And if you can give us some information, some advice for you, how you use it, how you manage the use of Bitcoin in your daily life. In my daily life, well, in my department, let's say, the adoption of Bitcoin is still growing, so it's not something that I'm going to use a lot, but in terms of learning, I'm constantly learning, because with the topic of my first Bitcoin, the National Student Council has been training us on the topic, where we take part of their learning about Bitcoin, this group of young people. I have learned that my classmates can also know about the topic of Bitcoin, just as it fascinates me, it fascinates many other kids, and in my institution, I have taught them about it. Well, right now, let's say we are being the basis for what would later be a more continuous use of Bitcoin. Well, thank you. And to finish with the topic of your relatives, how did your parents, your family, receive the news, if they also adopted Bitcoin, how were you the link between what you learned and the topic of Bitcoin? Well, regarding Bitcoin, my whole family and luckily the people around me had a neutral view on Bitcoin, because we had the philosophy that if we didn't know it, we wouldn't judge it without knowing it. So as I learned about the topic, I taught it to my family, I taught it to my classmates, to classmates at my institution, and they also changed their view on Bitcoin, they saw how reliable it can be and even many people in my environment already use the Blink wallet to use Bitcoin. Well, how interesting. And if you had to say something to Descubre Bitcoin, what would it be? Well, it would be to never stop teaching people about the topic of Bitcoin, as I said before, it is a salvation for both civilization at an economic level and also for learning, because it helps you wake up more and never stop teaching people, the world needs to know more about Bitcoin. Thank you very much, give us a greeting. Well, thank you. Thank you.
